docs(swift-example-app): re-tier + re-status SH-11 (shielded identity create) → Common, ✅ in-UI (#3913)
dashevo/platform: packages/swift-sdk/SwiftExampleApp/TEST_PLAN.md

| SH-08 | Shielded withdraw → Core L1 (Type 19) | Cross | Common | ✅ | Send flow (Shielded→Core) → `walletManager.shieldedWithdraw` (custom `core_fee_per_byte`). |
| SH-09 | Prover warm-up / readiness | Shielded | Common | ✅ | `warmUpShieldedProver` / `shieldedProverIsReady` (~30s Halo2 key build; precondition for spends). |
| SH-10 | Seed shielded pool (anonymity set) | Shielded | Uncommon | ✅ | `SeedShieldedPoolView` → `platform_wallet_manager_shielded_seed_pool_notes`. **Devnet/testnet only** — hard-errors on mainnet. |

> | SH-11 | Create identity from shielded pool (Type 20) | Cross | Common | 🔌 | FFI `platform_wallet_manager_shielded_identity_create_from_pool`; no dedicated UI. |

Reviewer: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=e333e5abf358 dedupe=02b2fe8ac5e54592 -->
**🔴 Blocking: SH-11 row only partially updated: status still `🔌` and body still says "no dedicated UI"**

The PR title ("re-tier + re-status SH-11 … → Common, ✅ in-UI") and description explicitly state three changes to SH-11: tier `Uncommon` → `Common`, status `🔌` → `✅`, and entry-point text updated to the real `CreateIdentityView` shielded-funding path. The diff only performs the tier change — the status column on line 259 is still `🔌` and the description still reads "FFI `platform_wallet_manager_shielded_identity_create_from_pool`; no dedicated UI."

This breaks the row in two ways:

1. **Self-contradictory.** The legend (line 24) says rows with status `🔌` are skipped by the QA agent ("`🔌`/`🚫` rows are listed for completeness — skip them unless asked to confirm absence"), and line 98 defines `🔌` as "FFI and/or Swift wrapper exists, but no UI to trigger it." The current diff promotes the row to **Common** (top-priority) while simultaneously telling automation to skip it as non-runnable.

2. **Diverges from the QA dashboard the PR claims to keep in sync.** The PR body states the on-chain `testCase` doc was re-synced with `implStatus 🔌→✅`. Leaving the in-repo doc at `🔌` recreates the exact drift this PR claims to be resolving.

The UI path the PR cites is verifiable: `CreateIdentityView` exposes a `.shieldedBalance` funding option (fixed-denomination picker) that flows through `IdentityRegistrationController` with `fundingKind: .shieldedPool` to `shieldedIdentityCreateFromPool` and the FFI, so the intended `✅` end state is correct.

```suggestion
| SH-11 | Create identity from shielded pool (Type 20) | Cross | Common | ✅ | `CreateIdentityView` → **Shielded balance** funding (fixed denominations 0.1 / 0.3 / 0.5 / 1.0 DASH, gated on bound-pool balance) → `IdentityRegistrationController` (`.shieldedPool`) → `shieldedIdentityCreateFromPool` → FFI `platform_wallet_manager_shielded_identity_create_from_pool`. |
```

<sub>source: ['claude', 'codex']</sub>

Reviewer: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 reconcile=resolved -->
Resolved in `c93c7a1` — _SH-11 row only partially updated: status still `🔌` and body still says "no dedicated UI"_ no longer present.

<sub>Auto-resolved by the review system based on the latest commit diff. If you believe this was closed in error, reopen the thread.</sub>
